# Shapeshifter TSC Meeting - 2022-09-27 15:00 CEST

# Attendees
- Robert Steegh
- Hugo van der Zwaag
- Daniel Wich
- Aurora SÃ¡ez Armenteros
- Marten Meijboom
- Tom Wetjens
- Robben Riksen

# Agenda & notes
- Announcements:
  - Aurora announced a change request about the hierarchy of congestion points. She will work out the change request and discuss it with a small group before the next TSC
- Reviewing the proposed changes in the specification file
  - Agreed on most changes, minor updates will be done by Robben. Other attendees will review
  - Daniel noticed a mistake in the XSD files. He will fix this.
- Disscussion about releasing an unfinished version of the library that GOPACS is working on
  - We concluded that the current state of the library GOPACS is working on is already valuable to users of Shapeshifter.
  - It was decided to add it as a change request so that it can be reviewed by other users before it is accepted 
- Discuss results of goals and vision session and work on Shapeshifter roadmap
  - We briefly went through the results of the 'next steps meeting'. 
  - Working on the Shapeshifter roadmap will be added to the agenda of the next TSC 

# Actions
- Make agreed upon changes to specification .docx and send it round for review: Robben
- Review updated .docx file after changes: all
- Fix bug in XSD's: Daniel
- Organize session to propose solution for hierarchy challenges: Aurora
- Add Shapeshifter library in development by GOPACS to Shapeshifter Github: Robben and GOPACS DevOps team
